Cadl repo structure guidelines (#20893)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Coding Style

> REST APIs for Azure should be defined using the [OpenAPI v2](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/2.0.md) or [Cadl](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/documentation/cadl-structure-guidelines.md)format.

Author: @weshaggard is this what you want?

Reviewer: I suspect this isn't the best link for coding style for now lets keep the existing link.

> REST APIs for Azure should be defined using the [OpenAPI v2](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/2.0.md) or [Cadl](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/documentation/cadl-structure-guidelines.md)format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST APIs for Azure should be defined using the [OpenAPI v2](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/2.0.md) or [Cadl](https://aka.ms/cadl/rpaas-start)format.
```

> 

Reviewer: @josefree should we actually have the directory structure detail inside of here instead of the readme.md directly?
